[Music]
okay here's the scene
you were hiking with some friends in the
woods when you
lagged behind the group and got lost do
you have what it takes to survive all
alone
get a riddle right add a point and see
your results at the end
you're making your way through the
forest thicket and come across
two bear cubs ah cute you remember the
granola in your pocket
what do you do give it to the cubs and
play with them
keep calm and slowly but immediately
sneak away
walk away calmly i'm running as fast as
possible from the bears
better make it quick you have only seven
seconds to decide
[Music]
get out of there but slowly and calmly
if you've crossed paths with some cubs
mama bear is probably nearby if you run
you'll likely draw her attention and
she'll try to protect her babies
even if you had no bad intentions
you quietly leave the cubs behind but
that's when you hear branches crunching
behind you
you turn around and there's mama bear
standing up on her hind legs
roaring at you with all her grisly mind
your next move
i can outrun this big clumsy animal
climb up to the nearest
tree and wait until the bear leaves lie
down in the fetal position on the ground
and don't move
seven seconds hurry
lie down curl up to protect yourself and
don't move
if it's a grizzly hopefully it'll
realize you're nothing to fear
and just walk away don't get up right
away though
a bear may watch you for a long time to
make sure you're not alive
only then can you get up and go change
your pants
great the bear is gone you go further
into the forest
it's getting hot and you're thirsty you
see three water sources ahead
vines and plants a clear still lake a
stream
which one will you choose to drink from
like cacti you have to be careful when
extracting water from vines and plants
many can make you sick standing water is
also a no-go because it can be dirty
your safest bet is the stream
it's getting dark and cold time to make
a fire
you've collected dry branches brushwood
and birchbark
what do you do next to make a fire put
it all in a pile
throw some gasoline on it and light it
up
form the branches in a little triangle
put the birch bark
inside and light it who needs all that
you can just light a nearby bush on fire
[Music]
never make a campfire with gasoline the
gas will burn out too quickly
and the fumes aren't good for you and
don't light nearby plants on fire
they're probably too wet to catch and
the flames can get out of control
use the triangle method for a safe long
lasting fire
got your fire now dinner after 15
minutes of searching
you've found something but not all this
food can be eaten
what will you choose for dinner purple
and red ripe berries
oh they look delicious pine bark
not quite as mouth-watering white
mushrooms
your seven seconds start now
you shouldn't eat berries or mushrooms
if you don't know exactly what kind they
are
so yes the best choice here is the pine
bark
just don't forget to cook it over the
fire
[Music]
it's completely dark and you could
really use some shut-eye
out of nowhere you hear someone call
your name
you're so taken aback that you run away
from this place
there are three paths ahead the first is
covered in hot coals
the second is strewn with rusty nails
broken glass
lies on the third what will you choose
yeah i know we're leaving the path of
reality here but hey
just play along you can score some
really good points
[Music]
go with the hot coals your feet won't be
on them for too long
if you're running the path
takes you out of the woods you find
yourself standing in front of an
abandoned castle
yep it's full-blown fantasy now you run
inside
there's no power but you can still see
three rooms in front of you
the first one is crawling with venomous
snakes and spiders
a pit with sharp spears at the bottom
awaits you in the second
open wires hang all over the third room
only one leads to safety so which will
you choose
you have only seven seconds to decide
[Music]
choose the third room there's no
electricity in the castle remember
the wires won't shock you
you escape from the strange castle and
meet three hybrid creatures in front of
you
the first has a rhino head on top of a
hornet's body
the second has the body of an alligator
and the head of a slow loris
the third has the body of an anteater
and the head of a warthog
there's no escape and you have to fight
one of them so
which creature do you think you have the
best odds winning against
[Music]
the warthog head can still get you with
its tusks
and the alligator body can knock you out
with its tail
but a hornet big enough to fit a rhino's
head wouldn't be able to survive
because there's not enough oxygen hence
why insects stay small
but stop hybrid creatures you wake up
near the coals of your campfire
it was a dream you hear a river flowing
nearby
but you don't have a map and still don't
know where to go
how can you find civilization go in a
straight line until you arrive somewhere
go along the river go in the direction
of which side
moss grows on the trees north seven
seconds
tick-tock
[Music]
you're best sticking to the river they
usually have settlements on them
going in a straight line can get you
nowhere or making circles
and moss doesn't always grow on the
north side of a tree
just usually you're not paying attention
as you walk downstream with a river and
ow a poisonous snake bit you on the leg
you can do one of three things to save
yourself what will it be
use your mouth to extract the venom tie
a tourniquet around your leg to prevent
the venom from spreading
stay calm and put your leg in a loose
splint to restrict movement
your vision is blurring hurry you only
have
five seconds
[Music]
never try the mouth trick and don't ever
use a tourniquet for a snake buy
it's best not to move the affected limb
and keep it below your heart level
remove any clothing around the area
before it swells up
fortunately your friends find you just
in time
they take you to the doctor and you're
given two tablets with an antidote
and two with a catalyst that helps the
antidote work better
you need to take one tablet with the
antidote and one with a catalyst at the
same time
then take the other two in 12 hours you
put all the tablets in your pocket
and sure enough they got mixed up you
can't take all four together or two
catalysts or two antidotes at the same
time
what do you do you have seven seconds to
figure it out
[Music]
grind all the tablets up mix all the
powder together
and divide it in two each half will have
the same amount of catalyst
and antidote
well how did you do if you got zero to
three correct answers
you better keep up with the group next
time you go camping
or brush up on your survival knowledge
you'll get plenty of practice here on
the bright side
four to seven points not bad you have a
lot of survival skills that can help you
in an extreme situation
but maybe you shouldn't stray too far
away from civilization
just in case 8 to 11 points
ah the wilderness is like your second
home if i ever get lost out there
i'd want you with me hands down hey if
you learned something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend
and here are some other cool videos i
think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember
stay on the bright side of life